1.Preparing for a statistics exam is a stimulating challenge that I enjoy.
2.I get nervous just thinking about taking the final exam for a statistics course.
10.I feel like I have a knot in my stomach on the morning of a statistics exam.
18.The day right before a statistics exam, I get very nervous if I realise that I can’t do some exercises that I thought were going to be easy.
14.The day before a statistics exam I feel calm and focused on studying as much as I need.
6.When going into a statistics exam I feel calm and confident that I will do well.
15.I get very nervous if I have to ask the statistics professor for help interpreting a results table.
3.I feel very anxious if I have to ask the statistics professor about how to use a probability table.
7.I find it nerve wracking to go to the statistics professor's office to ask questions.
19.If I have not understood an explanation given by the statistics professor, I simply ask for a repetition without getting uptight about it.
11.I feel at ease when I have to ask the statistics professor a question.
16.I find trying to understand lottery odds an impossible challenge and I get nervous just thinking about it.
8.I find having to interpret the meaning of a table in a journal article very distressing.
12.If I don't understand the statistical analyses described in a journal article, I keep calm and study them until I understand.
4.Trying to understand a mathematical proof is a challenge I like.
20.I like car ads that include graphs on consumption (litres/km), compliance with pollution standards, etc.
21.I study statistics every day of the week, even if I have not had a statistics class.
13.Before entering a statistics class, I always review the contents from the previous class.
5.I use a statistics book to expand on the material covered in class.
9.If presented with an opportunity where I was certain I wouldn't get caught, I would cheat on a statistics exam without hesitating.
17.I only study statistics in the days leading up to an exam.

Lorenzo-Seva, U., Vigil-Colet, A. & Ferrando, P. J. (2022). Development of a Revised Version of the Statistical Anxiety Scale. Psicothema, 34(4), 562-570. https://doi.org/10.7334/psicothema2022.231